




Network Working Group                                        J. Doe, Ed.
Internet-Draft                                                   Company
Intended status: Informational                         December 10, 2010
Expires: June 13, 2011


                     Put Your Internet Draft Title
                         draft-sample-input-00

Abstract

   Insert an abstract: MANDATORY.  This template is for creating an
   Internet-Draft.  With some out of scope characters in Chinese, by
   Xing Xing, 这里是中文译本

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at http://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on June 13, 2011.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2010 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (http://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

1.  Some unicode strings

   Text body needs to deal with funny characters

   Pure out of scope 这里是中文译本

   Some re-mapped characters are ¢ or ©

   More re-mapped characters are ˜ and € and ^

Author's Address

   John Doe (editor)
   Company
   Springfield, IL
   US

   Email: jdoe@example.com

